# 2025-12-03

## Written at the beginning
The project that has been conceived for a long time is finally launched. Congratulations to myself.
Next, I will talk about the background to this project, the goals I want to achieve, the implementation difficulties, plans.

## The background of this project
First of all, let me introduce myself briefly. My name is Charles, and I am a front-end programmer from China. I like everything full of imagination. In my spare time, I will read some fantasy novels, such as A Song of Ice and Fire, Harry Potter, or imaginary series, such as the Black Mirror series, the Secret of No. 9 series, etc.
When entering a fantasy world, I will be attracted by the wonderful plot, but at the same time it will be painful. First of all, the huge number of character names is difficult for a foreigner to remember. Secondly, the complex relationships between the characters and the connected storylines are easy to forget during a long reading period. Of course, there are some short videos explaining the series on the Internet, but I cannot accept a lot of emasculation of wonderful plots.
Therefore, I hope to have such a tool that can help me sort out time, place, characters, and stories, and allow me to check the relationships at any time without having to re-turn to the previous chapters.

## Initial ideas for the project
I think there are many fantasy lovers who have the same needs. So I decided to design a website. This website will list some fantasy classics, such as A Song of Ice and Fire and Harry Potter.After entering each work, there will be a series of scene switches. Of course, you can choose to switch automatically. I'll focus on the details of each scene. The upper left corner of the scene shows the time when the story takes place. The background of the scene is a world map. Of course, it is the world map of this work. The center point of the map is positioned at the coordinates of the location where the current event occurs, and the positioning of the center point switches as the scene switches. Above the scene is a character list area, which displays the portraits of the characters who appear in the current storyline. The portraits turn gray when the characters die.You can click on a character's avatar at any time to view his character relationships.
The scene now has a time, place, and people. How should the plot be presented?So I thought of the form of la yang p'ien (the name of Raree show in China in the 19th century), which is where the name of this project comes from. This format explains the comic plot through the playback of a series of plot-related pictures.

## the implementation difficulties
Because my English is not particularly good, I hope to improve my English through the process of developing this project. Therefore, I decided to use English for the research, development, design, and logging work of this project, which brought me quite a challenge.
For me, the most difficult part was sorting out all the characters, character relationships, key events, etc. in the selected novel. Similarly, because I wanted to practice English, I decided to collect and organize information directly from the English version of the novel instead of using AI tools. I admit it will take a lot of work, but I'm confident I can handle it.
In addition, I also wanted to improve my professional English level, so I decided to relearn the technology stack involved in the project, such as React, in English.For me who is used to using Chinese materials to learn Internet technology, this is also very unfamiliar.

## the plan
Here’s my next plan:
1 Read the original English novel of "A Song of Ice and Fire" and sort out information such as character relationships
2 Read React English official website
When the first part of the novel Game of Thrones is sorted out, I will start coding the project prototype.
